README.md, before:

#Zenburn2012
Zenburn2012 is a dark-background, low-contrast theme for the NetBeans 7.2 IDE

##About

I created Zenburn2012, because the current default NetBeans themes were created by A) A tyrannical despot bent on destroying programmer's eyeballs, or B) a Computer Scientist. I have extended this theme from the excellent zenburn theme created by ideea. This is the location of the original ideea theme: [download page](//forums.netbeans.org/topic29869.htmlhttps://github.com/paololus/NetBeans-Custom-Themes/downloads). While ideea's theme was very good, NetBeans has continued to add support for different languages. I have been using Zenburn2012 with the beta version of NetBeans 7.2, with it's new features. UPDATE: NetBeans 7.2 is now out and you should upgrade if you haven't done so already.

Improvements over the original zenburn through support for:

1.  Apache Config Files
2.  Neon Files
3.  Smarty Templates
4.  A few other small things


##Installation

Download the archive called `Zenburn2012.zip`. Now you must select the archive in NetBeans. Go to `Tools => Options => Font & Colors => Import => Browse...` Select the `All` button and then `OK`. NOTE: You might not see any changes until you restart NetBeans.


##Screenshots

__.htaccess__

![.htaccess file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/htaccess.jpg)

__NEON__

![neon file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/neon.jpg)

__PHP__

![php file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/php.jpg)

__Smarty Templates__

![smarty file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/smarty.jpg)

##FAQ

__How will this theme affect the design of the editor itself?__

The current design makes people want to immediately stab their eyeballs with knives. However, Zenburn2012 should make minor improvements in the ability of your eyeballs to code for long periods of time. 


__Shutup and take my money!__

The theme is free. I cannot take your money. However, you may contribute by forking the project and improving it. I will merge any improvements you have made into the theme on GitHub.


__You sound a little bitter about the UI of NetBeans.__

If any of the current NetBeans programmers read this, please note that I would be happy to do some mockups of what an attractive UI would look like. Just drop me a line and I would be happy to move NetBeans in the right direction.

Commit message:

Removed 'disturbing' colors (magenta, black active line)

README.md, after:

#Zenburn2012

This is a fork of Zenburn2012 that removes disturbing colors (magenta, black active line).

Zenburn2012 is a dark-background, low-contrast theme for the NetBeans 7.2 IDE

##About

I created Zenburn2012, because the current default NetBeans themes were created by A) A tyrannical despot bent on destroying programmer's eyeballs, or B) a Computer Scientist. I have extended this theme from the excellent zenburn theme created by ideea. This is the location of the original ideea theme: [download page](//forums.netbeans.org/topic29869.htmlhttps://github.com/paololus/NetBeans-Custom-Themes/downloads). While ideea's theme was very good, NetBeans has continued to add support for different languages. I have been using Zenburn2012 with the beta version of NetBeans 7.2, with it's new features. UPDATE: NetBeans 7.2 is now out and you should upgrade if you haven't done so already.

Improvements over the original zenburn through support for:

1.  Apache Config Files
2.  Neon Files
3.  Smarty Templates
4.  A few other small things


##Installation

Download the archive called `Zenburn2012.zip`. Now you must select the archive in NetBeans. Go to `Tools => Options => Font & Colors => Import => Browse...` Select the `All` button and then `OK`. NOTE: You might not see any changes until you restart NetBeans.


##Screenshots

__.htaccess__

![.htaccess file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/htaccess.jpg)

__NEON__

![neon file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/neon.jpg)

__PHP__

![php file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/php.jpg)

__Smarty Templates__

![smarty file example](//github.com/elimc/Zenburn2012/raw/master/samples/smarty.jpg)

##FAQ

__How will this theme affect the design of the editor itself?__

The current design makes people want to immediately stab their eyeballs with knives. However, Zenburn2012 should make minor improvements in the ability of your eyeballs to code for long periods of time. 


__Shutup and take my money!__

The theme is free. I cannot take your money. However, you may contribute by forking the project and improving it. I will merge any improvements you have made into the theme on GitHub.


__You sound a little bitter about the UI of NetBeans.__

If any of the current NetBeans programmers read this, please note that I would be happy to do some mockups of what an attractive UI would look like. Just drop me a line and I would be happy to move NetBeans in the right direction.
